Qin Zhuomei
Is everything Gu Beichen said true?
Did you tell him to sell smokers behind his back?
Why Muse
You said we could make a comeback
Why take all the dignity now?
Bring it all to me!
It's all you bitch
If it weren't for you, could I be like this?
Brother Zhong, hurry up and take him down
Do whatever you want
We want to be a family
That being the case
Then take this guy back and interrogate him properly
Monitor Guo
As for you, Gu Beichen
Although you are not the mastermind in this matter
But there is no escape
And copied the results of your family care
Zhao family, Chen Shu is the most caring family
Copy me, Lord Qingshu
Actually.
The steward of the Gu family already belongs to my neighbor
Please take a look.
This is the mortgage certificate for Gu Beichen's house
If you really want to raid your house
Then please take care of the family's property
That being the case
It exceeds the Gu family's property
Confiscate all the assets of the Gu family
Police Alumni
If anyone dares to touch it again in the future
along the way
It must be full of copying
Humph
It's done, it's done copying.
Gu Beichen
Do it yourself
You are so embarrassed now